docs/appendix.adoc, before:

[appendix]
== Revision History
////
[width="40%",cols="3"]
[frame="none",grid="none"]
|======
|Revision 1.2
Initial Release |
Wednesday April 26, 2017 |
Glenn West
^| PDF generated by Asciidoctor-PDF https://github.com/asciidoctor/asciidoctor-pdf
^| Reference Architecture Theme version 1.0
|======
////
|====
^|Revision ^|Release Date ^|Author(s)

^| 1.0 ^| Wednesday January 25, 2017 ^| Glenn West
3+^.e| PDF generated by https://github.com/asciidoctor/asciidoctor-pdf[Asciidoctor PDF]
3+^.e| Reference Architecture Theme version 1.2
|====

[appendix]
== Contributors

Glenn West, content provider

Ryan Cook, content provider

Scott Collier, content provider

Jason DeTiberus, content provider

Matt Woodson, content reviewer

Harold Wong, content reviewer

Thomas Wiest, content reviewer

//TODO: Just adding a few names for now, will update with addt'l names if needed

[[Installation-Failure]]
== Installation Failure
In the event of an OpenShift installation failure use the following sections to diagnose and
find the source of the problem. Note that the `resource group` group can be deleted, and reinstall by running
the script again.


=== Diagnostic and Control of Azure OpenShift
The OpenShift Azure installation may be controlled from the bastion host. This is a separate
Virtual Machine, that allows access to all vm's in the same resource group that defines the OpenShift
installation on Azure.

As an example, assuming the resource group was named during creation to ocpxenon1000, with a
username of ocpadmin.

[subs=+quotes]
----
ssh ocpadmin@ocpxenon1000b
Last login: Sat Jan 21 04:32:47 2017 from 103.252.201.32
[ocpadmin@bastion ~]$
----

=== Logging of Installation
The automation collects logs for various stages of the installation. All the logs are
stored on the bastion host.
Assuming ocpadmin has been chosen as the admin user when creating the install:

In the directory /root

In directory /home/ocpadmin
[width="60%"]
|====================================================================================
| ansible-preinstall-ping.out  | Check connectitity of all hosts
| byo.out                      | Main OpenShift Install across all hosts
| openshift-install.out        | The top level script that coordinates the install
|====================================================================================



=== Inventory
The inventory for ansible is automatically generated and can be used to run update scripts.
The  Ansible Inventory can be accessed at /etc/ansible/hosts which is the default location
for ansible. This file is generated by the bastion.sh script, which is run automatically
at the first boot of the bastion host. In order to run updates, or to diagnose failures, it is
necessary to ssh to the bastion host on Azure.

----
vi /etc/ansible/hosts
[OSEv3:children]
masters
etcd
nodes
misc

[OSEv3:vars]
azure_resource_group=gswthuv1500
rhn_pool_id=8a85f98156724eaa0156728452003452
openshift_install_examples=true
deployment_type=openshift-enterprise
openshift_master_identity_providers=[{'name': 'htpasswd_auth', 'login': 'true', 'challenge': 'true', 'kind': 'HTPasswdPasswordIdentityProvider', 'filename': '/etc/origin/master/htpasswd'}]

# default selectors for router and registry services
openshift_router_selector='region=infra'
openshift_registry_selector='region=infra'

ansible_become=yes
ansible_ssh_user=glennswest
remote_user=glennswest

openshift_master_default_subdomain=52.163.224.147.xip.io
openshift_use_dnsmasq=False
openshift_public_hostname=resourcegroupname.region.cloudapp.azure.com

openshift_master_cluster_method=native
openshift_master_cluster_hostname=resourcegroupname.region.cloudapp.azure.com
openshift_master_cluster_public_hostname=resourcegroupname.region.cloudapp.azure.com

# Enable cockpit
osm_use_cockpit=true

# Set cockpit plugins
osm_cockpit_plugins=['cockpit-kubernetes']

# default storage plugin dependencies to install, by default the ceph and
# glusterfs plugin dependencies will be installed, if available.
osn_storage_plugin_deps=['Azure VHD']

[masters]
master1 openshift_node_labels="{'role': 'master'}"
master2 openshift_node_labels="{'role': 'master'}"
master3 openshift_node_labels="{'role': 'master'}"

[etcd]
master1
master2
master3

[nodes]
master1 openshift_node_labels="{'region':'master','zone':'default'}"
master2 openshift_node_labels="{'region':'master','zone':'default'}"
master3 openshift_node_labels="{'region':'master','zone':'default'}"
node[01:03] openshift_node_labels="{'region': 'primary', 'zone': 'default'}"
infranode openshift_node_labels="{'region': 'infra', 'zone': 'default'}"


----

=== Uninstalling and Deleting
The uninstall playbook removes OpenShift related packages, `etcd`, and removes any certificates that were created during the failed install.

----
ansible-playbook  /usr/share/ansible/openshift-ansible/playbooks/adhoc/uninstall.yml
----

After the playbook, the administrator should unsubscribe each host, to return the subscription back into the available pool,
and then delete the resource group within Azure portal, which will delete all resources.


=== Manually Launching the Installation of OpenShift
The following script, is run automatically to install OpenShift. The script can be re-run to diagnose problems.

----
openshift-install.sh
----


// vim: set syntax=asciidoc:

Commit message:

Full review of the document
Added more sections about missing stuff like
 * ~/.ssh/config
 * gmail (is this really needed?)
 * OpenShift SDN
Everything should follow the style guidelines now https://gitlab.cee.redhat.com/Documentation-sysdeseng-reference-architectures-documentation/doc-syseng-style-guide/blob/2017-preview/chapters/syseng_writing_guide.adoc
Added detailed explanation about ssh private key
More stuff I don't remember

docs/appendix.adoc, after:

[appendix]
== Revision History
////
[width="40%",cols="3"]
[frame="none",grid="none"]
|======
|Revision 1.2
Initial Release |
Wednesday April 26, 2017 |
Glenn West
^| PDF generated by Asciidoctor-PDF https://github.com/asciidoctor/asciidoctor-pdf
^| Reference Architecture Theme version 1.0
|======
////
|====
^|Revision ^|Release Date ^|Author(s)

^| 1.0 ^| Wednesday January 25, 2017 ^| Glenn West
3+^.e| PDF generated by https://github.com/asciidoctor/asciidoctor-pdf[Asciidoctor PDF]
3+^.e| Reference Architecture Theme version 1.2
|====

[appendix]
== Contributors

Glenn West, content provider

Ryan Cook, content provider

Scott Collier, content provider

Jason DeTiberus, content provider

Matt Woodson, content reviewer

Harold Wong, content reviewer

Thomas Wiest, content reviewer

//TODO: Just adding a few names for now, will update with addt'l names if needed

[[Installation-Failure]]
== Installation Failure
In the event of an OpenShift installation failure use the following sections to diagnose and
find the source of the problem. Note that the _resource group_ can be deleted, and reinstall by running
the script again.

=== Diagnostic and Control of Azure OpenShift
The OpenShift Azure installation can be controlled from the bastion host. This is a separate
virtual machine that allows access to all VM's in the same resource group that defines the OpenShift
installation on Azure.

As an example, assuming the resource group was named during creation to _ocpxenon1000_, with a
username of _ocpadmin_ on the _westus_ region:

[subs=+quotes]
----
$ *ssh ocpadmin@ocpxenon1000b.westus.cloudapp.azure.com*
Last login: Sat Jan 21 04:32:47 2017 from 103.252.201.32
[ocpadmin@bastion ~]$
----

=== Logging of Installation
The automation collects logs for various stages of the installation. All the logs are
stored on the bastion host.
Assuming _ocpadmin_ has been chosen as the admin user when creating the install, there are some
useful logs in the home directory of the user (`/home/ocpadmin`):

.Installation logs
|====
^|File name ^|Content
| ansible-preinstall-ping.out  | Check connectitity of all hosts
| openshift-install.out        | Main OpenShift installation
|====

=== Inventory
The inventory for ansible is automatically generated by the bastion.sh script at the first boot of the bastion host, stored in the bastion itself at the default location (`/etc/ansible/hosts`) and can be used to run update scripts. In order to run updates, or to diagnose failures, it is
necessary to ssh to the bastion host on Azure.

[subs=+quotes]
----
$ *sudo cat /etc/ansible/hosts*
[OSEv3:children]
masters
etcd
nodes
misc

[OSEv3:vars]
azure_resource_group=gswthuv1500
rhn_pool_id=8a85f98156724eaa0156728452003452
openshift_install_examples=true
deployment_type=openshift-enterprise
openshift_master_identity_providers=[{'name': 'htpasswd_auth', 'login': 'true', 'challenge': 'true', 'kind': 'HTPasswdPasswordIdentityProvider', 'filename': '/etc/origin/master/htpasswd'}]

# default selectors for router and registry services
openshift_router_selector='region=infra'
openshift_registry_selector='region=infra'

ansible_become=yes
ansible_ssh_user=glennswest
remote_user=glennswest

openshift_master_default_subdomain=52.163.224.147.xip.io
openshift_use_dnsmasq=False
openshift_public_hostname=resourcegroupname.region.cloudapp.azure.com

openshift_master_cluster_method=native
openshift_master_cluster_hostname=resourcegroupname.region.cloudapp.azure.com
openshift_master_cluster_public_hostname=resourcegroupname.region.cloudapp.azure.com

# Enable cockpit
osm_use_cockpit=true

# Set cockpit plugins
osm_cockpit_plugins=['cockpit-kubernetes']

# default storage plugin dependencies to install, by default the ceph and
# glusterfs plugin dependencies will be installed, if available.
osn_storage_plugin_deps=['Azure VHD']

[masters]
master1 openshift_node_labels="{'role': 'master'}"
master2 openshift_node_labels="{'role': 'master'}"
master3 openshift_node_labels="{'role': 'master'}"

[etcd]
master1
master2
master3

[nodes]
master1 openshift_node_labels="{'region':'master','zone':'default'}"
master2 openshift_node_labels="{'region':'master','zone':'default'}"
master3 openshift_node_labels="{'region':'master','zone':'default'}"
node[01:03] openshift_node_labels="{'region': 'primary', 'zone': 'default'}"
infranode openshift_node_labels="{'region': 'infra', 'zone': 'default'}"
----

=== Uninstalling and Deleting
The uninstall playbook removes OpenShift related packages, _etcd_, and removes any certificates that were created during the failed install. In case you need to do it, run the following from the bastion host:

[subs=+quotes]
----
$ *ansible-playbook  /usr/share/ansible/openshift-ansible/playbooks/adhoc/uninstall.yml*
----

After the playbook, the administrator should unsubscribe each host, to return the subscription back into the available pool,
and then delete the resource group within Azure portal, which will delete all resources.

=== Manually Launching the Installation of OpenShift
The `openshift-install.sh` script, located in the bastion host at `/home/user/openshift-install.sh`, can be used to automatically install OpenShift. The script can be re-run to diagnose problems.

[subs=+quotes]
----
$ *./openshift-install.sh*
----

=== Gmail notification
The bastion.sh script can optionally notify the user via email during the installation about the steps that has been done. It creates a `/root/setup_ssmtp.sh` script with the username and password provided in the _ARM_ template that will configure an `ssmtp` MTA service, and if the GMail account exists, it will notify the user periodically on the steps finished.

// vim: set syntax=asciidoc:
