docs/ch1_execsummary.adoc, before:

:numbered:

== Executive Summary

Red Hat OpenShift Container Platform 3 is built around a core of application containers powered by
Docker, with orchestration and management provided by Kubernetes, on a foundation
 of RHEL Atomic Host and Red Hat Enterprise Linux. OpenShift Origin is the upstream community
project that brings it all together along with extensions, to accelerate
application development and deployment.

This reference environment provides a comprehensive example demonstrating how
OpenShift Container Platform 3 can be set up to take advantage of the native high availability
capabilities of Kubernetes and Microsoft Azure in order to create a highly
available OpenShift Container Platform 3 environment. The configuration consists of three OpenShift Container Platform
 masters, three OpenShift Container Platform infrastructure nodes, three to thirty OpenShift Container Platform application nodes,
and native Microsoft Azure integration. In addition to the configuration, operational management tasks are shown to demonstrate functionality.

// vim: set syntax=asciidoc:

Commit message:

Full review of the document
Added more sections about missing stuff like
 * ~/.ssh/config
 * gmail (is this really needed?)
 * OpenShift SDN
Everything should follow the style guidelines now https://gitlab.cee.redhat.com/Documentation-sysdeseng-reference-architectures-documentation/doc-syseng-style-guide/blob/2017-preview/chapters/syseng_writing_guide.adoc
Added detailed explanation about ssh private key
More stuff I don't remember

docs/ch1_execsummary.adoc, after:

:numbered:

== Executive Summary

*Red Hat OpenShift Container Platform 3* is built around a core of application containers powered by
*Docker*, with orchestration and management provided by *Kubernetes*, on a foundation
of *RHEL Atomic Host* and *Red Hat Enterprise Linux*. *OpenShift Origin* is the upstream community
project that brings it all together along with extensions, to accelerate
application development and deployment.

This reference document provides a comprehensive example demonstrating how
*OpenShift Container Platform 3* can be set up to take advantage of the native high availability
capabilities of *Kubernetes* and *Microsoft Azure* (Azure) in order to create a highly
available *OpenShift Container Platform 3* environment. The configuration consists of three _OpenShift Container Platform
 masters_, three _OpenShift Container Platform infrastructure nodes_, three to thirty _OpenShift Container Platform application nodes_,
and native *Microsoft Azure* integration. In addition to the configuration, operational management tasks are shown to demonstrate functionality.

Please note the reference architecture deploys *OpenShift Container Platform* in the *Microsoft Azure public cloud*, not the *Microsoft Azure Stack* version nor the *Microsoft National Clouds* regional cloud version.

NOTE: The number of application nodes deployed by this reference architecture has been tested from 3 to 30. The sizing and limits supported by OpenShift Container Platform is explained in https://docs.openshift.com/container-platform/3.5/install_config/install/planning.html#sizing[Planning] document

// vim: set syntax=asciidoc:
