docs/ch2_iam.adoc, before:

====  Identity and Access Management
For this reference account, a *{ma}* account is required. Ideally this is either a pay-as-you-go
account, or a *Microsoft Enterprise Agreement*.

You must have enough resources to deploy the reference architecture, otherwise the installation will fail.

During the installation of *{ocp}* using the reference architecture scripts and playbooks, six storage accounts
are created automatically per cluster. The following table shows the name of every storage account and its purpose:

.Storage accounts
|====
^|Name ^|Purpose

| `samas<resourcegroup>` | Masters storage
| `sanod<resourcegroup>` | Application nodes storage
| `sainf<resourcegroup>` | Infrastructure nodes storage
| `sareg<resourcegroup>` | Registry persistent volume storage
| `sapv1<resourcegroup>` | The `generic` storage class
| `sapv2<resourcegroup>` | A non default storage class
|====

NOTE: For more information about the *{ma}* identity management and storage accounts, see
https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/documentation/articles/fundamentals-identity/[The fundamentals of Azure identity management] and
https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/documentation/articles/storage-create-storage-account/[About Azure storage accounts]

// vim: set syntax=asciidoc:

Commit message:

Added aggregated logging and metrics

docs/ch2_iam.adoc, after:

====  Identity and Access Management
For this reference account, a *{ma}* account is required. Ideally this is either a pay-as-you-go
account, or a *Microsoft Enterprise Agreement*.

You must have enough resources to deploy the reference architecture, otherwise the installation will fail.

During the installation of *{ocp}* using the reference architecture scripts and playbooks, six storage accounts
are created automatically per cluster. The following table shows the name of every storage account and its purpose:

.Storage accounts
|====
^|Name ^|Purpose

| `samas<resourcegroup>` | Masters storage
| `sanod<resourcegroup>` | Application nodes storage
| `sainf<resourcegroup>` | Infrastructure nodes storage
| `sareg<resourcegroup>` | Registry persistent volume storage
| `sapv<resourcegroup>` | The `generic` storage class
| `sapvlm<resourcegroup>` | Storage account where the metrics and logging volumes will be stored
|====

NOTE: For more information about the *{ma}* identity management and storage accounts, see
https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/documentation/articles/fundamentals-identity/[The fundamentals of Azure identity management] and
https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/documentation/articles/storage-create-storage-account/[About Azure storage accounts]

// vim: set syntax=asciidoc:
