docs/ch2_avmi.adoc, before:

[[AVMI]]

==== Azure VM Images
Azure VM Images provide the required information to launch an instance. In this guide, the the On-Demand Red Hat Enterprise Linux (RHEL)
image in the Azure Gallery is used.

IMPORTANT: The Red Hat RHEL Image carries an additional charge in addition to the base Linux VM price.

For more information on Azure VM pricing for Red Hat Images see https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/pricing/details/virtual-machines/red-hat[Azure Documentation].

==== Azure VM Sizes
Azure offers https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/virtual-machines/linux/sizes[different VM sizes] that can be used to deploy the OpenShift environment.
Further, all the nodes, have been selected with Microsoft Azure Premium Storage, to allow the best performance.

NOTE: The sizes provided in this reference architecture are a guide but it is advised to see the
https://docs.openshift.com/container-platform/3.5/install_config/install/planning.html#sizing[OpenShift Container Platform 3 Sizing Considerations]
for more information

===== Bastion
The bastion host size is set by the `bastionVMSize` parameter
specified in the template file `reference-architecture/azure-ansible/azuredeploy.json` and the default value is set to _Standard_DS1_v2_

===== Masters
The masters host size is set by the `masterVMSize` parameter
specified in the template file `reference-architecture/azure-ansible/azuredeploy.json` and the default value is set to _Standard_DS4_v2_

===== Infrastructure nodes
The infrastructure nodes size is set by the `infranodeVMSize` parameter
specified in the template file `reference-architecture/azure-ansible/azuredeploy.json` and the default value is set to _Standard_DS4_v2_

===== Application nodes
The application nodes size is set by the `nodeVMSize` parameter
specified in the template file `reference-architecture/azure-ansible/azuredeploy.json` and the default value is set to _Standard_DS4_v2_

Application node VM size is an important parameter for selecting how many containers as well as how big containers
will be. The current default value for application nodes size allocates 8 CPU cores and 28 Gigabytes of memory for each VM.
If the containers are memory intensive then it is advised to either increase the node count, or increase the node memory size.
For these applications, choosing a _Standard_D14_v2_ size will give 112 Gigabytes of memory or another VM size with more memory if needed.

// vim: set syntax=asciidoc:

Commit message:

Full review of the document
Added more sections about missing stuff like
 * ~/.ssh/config
 * gmail (is this really needed?)
 * OpenShift SDN
Everything should follow the style guidelines now https://gitlab.cee.redhat.com/Documentation-sysdeseng-reference-architectures-documentation/doc-syseng-style-guide/blob/2017-preview/chapters/syseng_writing_guide.adoc
Added detailed explanation about ssh private key
More stuff I don't remember

docs/ch2_avmi.adoc, after:

[[AVMI]]

==== Azure VM Images
_Azure Virtual Machines Images_ service provide different virtual machine images to launch instances. In this reference architecture, the the _On-Demand_ *Red Hat Enterprise Linux* (_RHEL_)
image in the *Azure Marketplace* is used.

IMPORTANT: The *Red Hat Enterprise Linux* image carries an additional charge in addition to the base _Linux VM_ price. For more information on Azure pricing for Red Hat images see https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/pricing/details/virtual-machines/red-hat[Azure Documentation].

==== Azure VM Sizes
Azure offers https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/virtual-machines/linux/sizes[different VM sizes] that can be used to deploy the OpenShift environment.
Further, all the nodes, have been selected with _premium storage_, to allow the best performance.

NOTE: The sizes provided in this reference architecture are a guide but it is advised to see the
https://docs.openshift.com/container-platform/3.5/install_config/install/planning.html#sizing[OpenShift Container Platform 3 Sizing Considerations]
for more information

===== Bastion
The bastion host size is set by the _bastionVMSize_ parameter
specified in the template file `reference-architecture/azure-ansible/azuredeploy.json` and the default value is set to _Standard_DS1_v2_

===== Masters
The masters host size is set by the _masterVMSize_ parameter
specified in the template file `reference-architecture/azure-ansible/azuredeploy.json` and the default value is set to _Standard_DS4_v2_

===== Infrastructure nodes
The infrastructure nodes size is set by the _infranodeVMSize_ parameter
specified in the template file `reference-architecture/azure-ansible/azuredeploy.json` and the default value is set to _Standard_DS4_v2_

===== Application nodes
The application nodes size is set by the _nodeVMSize_ parameter
specified in the template file `reference-architecture/azure-ansible/azuredeploy.json` and the default value is set to _Standard_DS4_v2_

Application node VM size is an important parameter for selecting how many containers as well as how big containers
will be. The current default value for application nodes size allocates 8 CPU cores and 28 Gigabytes of memory for each VM.
If the containers are memory intensive then it is advised to either increase the node count, or increase the node memory size.
For these applications, choosing a _Standard_D14_v2_ size will give 112 Gigabytes of memory or another VM size with more memory if needed.

// vim: set syntax=asciidoc:
