docs/ch2_registry.adoc, before:

=== Registry
OpenShift can build container images from source code, deploy them, and
manage their lifecycle. To enable this it is required to deploy the
https://docs.openshift.com/container-platform/3.5/architecture/infrastructure_components/image_registry.html[Integrated OpenShift Container Platform Registry]

The registry stores container images and metadata. For production environment,
persistent storage is used for the registry, otherwise any images
built or pushed into the registry would disappear if the pod were to restart.

Using the installation methods described in this document the registry is
deployed using `Azure Blob Storage`, an Azure service that provides object storage.
In order to use `Azure Blob Storage` the registry configuration should be extended to support it. The procedure is detailed in the https://docs.openshift.com/container-platform/3.5/install_config/registry/extended_registry_configuration.html#docker-registry-configuration-reference-storage[OpenShift] and https://docs.docker.com/registry/storage-drivers/azure/[Docker] documentation, and it is to modify the registry _deploymentconfig_ to add the `Azure Blob Storage` service details:

`oc env dc docker-registry -e REGISTRY_STORAGE=azure -e REGISTRY_STORAGE_AZURE_ACCOUNTNAME=<azure_storage_account_name> -e REGISTRY_STORAGE_AZURE_ACCOUNTKEY=<azure_storage_account_key> -e REGISTRY_STORAGE_AZURE_CONTAINER=registry`


NOTE: For more information about the Azure Blob Storage, see: https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/services/storage/blobs/


// vim: set syntax=asciidoc:

Commit message:

Full review of the document
Added more sections about missing stuff like
 * ~/.ssh/config
 * gmail (is this really needed?)
 * OpenShift SDN
Everything should follow the style guidelines now https://gitlab.cee.redhat.com/Documentation-sysdeseng-reference-architectures-documentation/doc-syseng-style-guide/blob/2017-preview/chapters/syseng_writing_guide.adoc
Added detailed explanation about ssh private key
More stuff I don't remember

docs/ch2_registry.adoc, after:

=== Registry
OpenShift can build container images from source code, deploy them, and
manage their lifecycle. To enable this it is required to deploy the
https://docs.openshift.com/container-platform/3.5/architecture/infrastructure_components/image_registry.html[Integrated OpenShift Container Platform Registry]

The registry stores container images and metadata. For production environment,
persistent storage is recommended to be used by the registry, otherwise any images
built or pushed into the registry would disappear if the pod were to restart.

Using the installation methods described in this document the registry is
deployed using _Azure Blob Storage_, an Azure service that provides object storage.
In order to use _Azure Blob Storage_ the registry configuration should be extended. The procedure is detailed in the https://docs.openshift.com/container-platform/3.5/install_config/registry/extended_registry_configuration.html#docker-registry-configuration-reference-storage[OpenShift] and https://docs.docker.com/registry/storage-drivers/azure/[Docker] documentation, and it is to modify the registry _deploymentconfig_ to add the _Azure Blob Storage_ service details as:

`oc env dc docker-registry -e REGISTRY_STORAGE=azure -e REGISTRY_STORAGE_AZURE_ACCOUNTNAME=<azure_storage_account_name> -e REGISTRY_STORAGE_AZURE_ACCOUNTKEY=<azure_storage_account_key> -e REGISTRY_STORAGE_AZURE_CONTAINER=registry`

This will be done automatically as part of the installation by the scripts provided in the git repository.

NOTE: For more information about the Azure Blob Storage, see: https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/services/storage/blobs/

// vim: set syntax=asciidoc:
