docs/ch2_vhd.adoc, before:

====  Azure Storage - Azure VHD

For the use cases considered in this reference architecture, including OpenShift applications that connect to containerized databases or need some
basic persistent storage, we need to consider multiple storage solutions in the cloud and different architectural approaches. Microsoft Azure offers
a number of  storage choices that offer high durability with three simultaneous replicas, including Standard and Premium storage.

Furthermore, a use case requirement is to implement “shared storage”. Upon reviewing multiple options supported by OpenShift and the underlying
Red Hat Enterprise Linux infrastructure, a choice was made to use an Azure VHD based storage server to give the Azure OCP nodes the best match of performance
and flexibility. The reference architecture will be updated with further storage choices (such as Managed Disks) as they are evaluated.

The azure cloud provider plugin for OpenShift will dynamically allocate storage in the pre-created
storage accounts based on requests for PV. (OCP Version 3.5).

A default storage profile is created, and installed. Any persistent volume claim will result in a new
vhd being created in the selected storage account. The vhd will be mounted and formated, and allocated to
the container making the request.

// vim: set syntax=asciidoc:

Commit message:

Clarified VHD usage and procedure on how it works
Added the Blob storage reference for the registry
Couple of references added

docs/ch2_vhd.adoc, after:

==== Azure Storage
For the use cases considered in this reference architecture, including OpenShift applications that connect to containerized databases or need some
basic persistent storage, we need to consider multiple storage solutions in the cloud and different architectural approaches. Microsoft Azure offers
a number of storage choices that offer high durability with three simultaneous replicas, including Standard and Premium storage.

Furthermore, a use case requirement is to implement "shared storage" where the volume should allow simultaneous read and write operations. Upon reviewing multiple options supported by OpenShift and the underlying
Red Hat Enterprise Linux infrastructure, a choice was made to use an `Azure VHD` based storage server to give the Azure OCP nodes the best match of performance
and flexibility, and use the `Azure Blob Storage` for the registry storage.

NOTE: The reference architecture will be updated with further storage choices (such as Managed Disks) as they are evaluated.

===== Azure VHD
The Azure cloud provider plugin for OpenShift will dynamically allocate storage in the pre-created
storage accounts based on requests for PV. In order to make this work, the OpenShift environment should be configured properly, including creating a `/etc/azure/azure.conf` file with the Azure account data, modifying the `/etc/origin/master/master-config.yaml` and `/etc/origin/node/node-config.yaml` files and restart the `atomic-openshift-node` and `atomic-openshift-master` services. The scripts provided with this reference architecture do this procedure automatically.

NOTE: For more information about the Azure configuration for OpenShift storage, see https://docs.openshift.com/container-platform/3.5/install_config/configuring_azure.html[Configuring for Azure] documentation

This reference architecture creates an install a default storage class, so any persistent volume claim will result in a new
`vhd` being created in the selected storage account. The `vhd` will be mounted and formated, and allocated to
the container making the request.

NOTE: For more information about `Azure VHD` see https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/storage/storage-about-disks-and-vhds-linux[About disks and VHDs for Azure Linux VMs] documentation and see https://docs.openshift.com/container-platform/3.5/install_config/persistent_storage/dynamically_provisioning_pvs.html[Dynamic Provisioning and Creating Storage Classes] for more information about storage classes

// vim: set syntax=asciidoc:
